"Your client and InspIRCd v3" post (#126)
snoonetIRC/website: content/posts/2020/07/13/client-upgrades.md

---
date: 2020-07-13T18:32:00
draft: false
title: 'Your client and InspIRCd'
type: 'post'
---

We are currently working on upgrading our network to [InspIRCd v3](https://www.inspircd.org/2019/05/03/v300-released.html).

> Older versions of some IRC clients (listed below) are non-compliant with the way

Reviewer: Might be a good idea to point out that the way that InspIRCd v3 emits messages is standards-compliant. Maybe this?

```suggestion
Older versions of some IRC clients (listed below) do not follow the IRC specification correctly and can not handle the way that
```

InspIRCd v3 emits messages. More information about this can be found in the
[InspIRCd FAQ](https://docs.inspircd.org/faq/#why-does-my-client-not-show-mode-changesopped-users-on-joinetc-correctly-when-using-inspircd-v3).

This update will keep us moving towards implementing cool new IRCv3 features.

## Who needs to upgrade?

You may recently have noticed messages from a network bot suggesting you run
software updates.

A large majority of our users are not affected. However, if you are using a
client older than the minimum version specified in the table below, you will no

> longer be able to connect to our network after the software upgrade.

Reviewer: There's only one or two of them left but it might also be good to mention that X-Chat users should migrate to HexChat here. As well as being affected by this issue which was fixed in HexChat it also suffers from not supporting anything newer than SSLv3.

> longer be able to connect to our network after the software upgrade.

Reviewer 2: `you will no longer be able to connect to our network` -> `you may start to see broken behaviour in some cases` ?
